docs/pages/installation/environment.md, before:

---
layout: page
title: Environment Variables
nav_order: 5
has_children: true
---

# Environment Variables

You can set a range of environment variables on the main BUG container to control it's behaviour. These are documented below.

| Variable                  | Default                   | Type    | Description                                                                                         |
| ------------------------- | ------------------------- | ------- | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| MODULE_PORT               | 3200                      | INTEGER | Port used to communicate in the BUG network between the main BUG app and panel containers           |
| MODULE_HOME               | /home/node/module         | STRING  | When modules are built this path determines where source code is added to the container             |
| WATCHTOWER_HTTP_API_TOKEN | bugupdatetoken            | STRING  | HTTP access token set on both the watchtower container and bug container for update messages        |
| WATCHTOWER_CONTAINER      | bug-watchtower            | STRING  | The hostname of the the watchtower container associated with BUG. Used for sending update messages  |
| DOCKER_NETWORK_NAME       | bug                       | STRING  |                                                                                                     |
| BUG_CONTAINER             | bug                       | STRING  |                                                                                                     |
| BUG_PORT                  | 80                        | INTEGER | The port BUG is available on                                                                        |
| BUG_HOST                  | 127.0.0.1                 | STRING  | BUG host name. Used in documentation endpoints and on the BUG info page.                            |
| BUG_LOG_FOLDER            | logs                      | STRING  |                                                                                                     |
| BUG_LOG_NAME              | bug                       | STRING  |                                                                                                     |
| BUG_REGISTRY_FQDN         | harbor.prod.bcn.bbc.co.uk | STRING  | Where to get new BUG containers from - if not set uses DockerHub.                                   |
| PORT                      | 3000                      | INTEGER | Create-React-App port for development purposes only                                                 |
| NODE_ENV                  | development               | STRING  |                                                                                                     |
| SESSION_SECRET:           | aSecretForYourSessions    | STRING  | CHANGE THIS - Passport.js global session secrets. Keeps your users safe                             |

Commit message:

Updated Docs for RPi and Windows

docs/pages/installation/environment.md, after:

---
layout: page
title: Environment Variables
nav_order: 5
has_children: true
---

# Environment Variables

You can set a range of environment variables on the main BUG container to control it's behaviour. These are documented below.

| Variable                  | Default                   | Type    | Description                                                                                                         |
| ------------------------- | ------------------------- | ------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| MODULE_PORT               | 3200                      | INTEGER | Port used to communicate in the BUG network between the main BUG app and panel containers                           |
| MODULE_HOME               | /home/node/module         | STRING  | When modules are built this path determines where source code is added to the container                             |
| WATCHTOWER_HTTP_API_TOKEN | bugupdatetoken            | STRING  | HTTP access token set on both the watchtower container and bug container for update messages                        |
| WATCHTOWER_CONTAINER      | bug-watchtower            | STRING  | The hostname of the the watchtower container associated with BUG. Used for sending update messages                  |
| DOCKER_NETWORK_NAME       | bug                       | STRING  |                                                                                                                     |
| DOCKER_SOCKET_PATH        | /var/run/docker.sock      | STRING  | BUG container Docker socket path required to control the Docker on the underlying host. Only needs set for Windows. |
| BUG_CONTAINER             | bug                       | STRING  |                                                                                                                     |
| BUG_PORT                  | 80                        | INTEGER | The port BUG is available on                                                                                        |
| BUG_HOST                  | 127.0.0.1                 | STRING  | BUG host name. Used in documentation endpoints and on the BUG info page.                                            |
| BUG_LOG_FOLDER            | logs                      | STRING  |                                                                                                                     |
| BUG_LOG_NAME              | bug                       | STRING  |                                                                                                                     |
| BUG_REGISTRY_FQDN         | harbor.prod.bcn.bbc.co.uk | STRING  | Where to get new BUG containers from - if not set uses DockerHub.                                                   |
| PORT                      | 3000                      | INTEGER | Create-React-App port for development purposes only                                                                 |
| NODE_ENV                  | development               | STRING  |                                                                                                                     |
| SESSION_SECRET:           | aSecretForYourSessions    | STRING  | CHANGE THIS - Passport.js global session secrets. Keeps your users safe                                             |
